vault key metrics update (#2425)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.18.x/content/docs/internals/telemetry/key-metrics.mdx

Refer to the [Monitoring Vault replication](/vault/tutorials/monitoring/monitor-replication) tutorial to learn more.

### Monitor write overload protection

#### Metrics:

`vault.wal.write_controller.reject_fraction`

#### Background:

> Vault's adaptive write overload protection feature helps maintain cluster stability during periods of high write load. When write requests arrive faster than the storage backend can process them, Write-Ahead Logs (WALs) can accumulate rapidly, potentially overwhelming the storage backend and degrading overall cluster performance. The write controller monitors WAL buildup and automatically rejects a fraction of incoming write requests when necessary to prevent overload conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The adaptive write overload protection feature helps maintain cluster stability
during periods of high write load. When write requests arrive faster than the
storage backend can process them, write-ahead logs (WALs) can accumulate rapidly,
potentially overwhelm the storage backend, and degrade overall cluster
performance. The write controller monitors WAL buildup and automatically rejects
a fraction of incoming write requests when necessary to prevent overload conditions.
```
Style correction: avoid possessives, reserve capitalization for product names

#### Alerting:

> The `vault.wal.write_controller.reject_fraction` metric is a gauge value between 0 and 1 that represents the estimated fraction of write requests being rejected to maintain cluster stability. Monitor this metric to detect capacity issues. Sustained non-zero values indicate write load pressure and may require investigating your workload patterns, checking storage backend performance, or scaling your infrastructure. For more information, refer to the [Adaptive overload protection](/vault/docs/concepts/adaptive-overload-protection) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `vault.wal.write_controller.reject_fraction` metric is a gauge value between
0 and 1 that represents the estimated fraction of write requests being rejected
to maintain cluster stability.

We recommend monitoring the reject fraction metric to detect capacity issues as
sustained non-zero values indicate write load pressure. You may need to
investigate your workload patterns, check storage backend performance, or scale
your infrastructure if you continue to address the load pressure. For more
information, refer to the
[Adaptive overload protection](/vault/docs/concepts/adaptive-overload-protection) documentation.
```
Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun, use direct language and simple sentences
